fix for last open items at https://github.com/OWASP/owasp-masvs/issues/203 (#1479)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x05d-Testing-Data-Storage.md

Refer to the `SecureSecretKey` example above for an example `Editable` implementation. Note that you will be able to securely handle all copies made by `editText.getText` if you provide your factory. You can also try to overwrite the internal `EditText` buffer by calling `editText.setText`, but there is no guarantee that the buffer will not have been copied already. If you choose to rely on the default input method and `EditText`, you will have no control over the keyboard or other components that are used. Therefore, you should use this approach for semi-confidential information only.

> In all cases, make sure that sensitive data in memory is cleared when a user signs out of the application. Last, make sure that highly sensitive information is cleared out the moment an Activity or Fragment hits `onPause`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all cases, make sure that sensitive data in memory is cleared when a user signs out of the application. Finally, make sure that highly sensitive information is cleared out the moment an Activity or Fragment's `onPause` event is triggered.
```

> Note: that this might mean that a user has to re-authenticate on every time he/she resumes the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: that this might mean that a user has to re-authenticate every time he resumes the application.
```
I believe we're just using "he" throughout the guide.

Reviewer 2: We are using mainly he in the guide for user. Let's stay with he to make it easier to read.

Reviewer 2: No colon needed:

Note that this might mean that a user has to re-authenticate every time he resumes the application.
